
What is server side rendering?
- By default, Angular renders applications only in a browser. 
- Angular Universal allows Angular to render an application on the server, generating static HTML content, which represents an application state. 
- Once the HTML content is rendered in a browser, Angular bootstraps an application and reuses the information available in the server-generated HTML.
- With server-side rendering an application generally renders in a browser faster, giving users a chance to view the application UI before it becomes fully interactive.


Why use Server-Side Rendering?
Ans:
There are three main reasons to create a Universal version of your application.
1. Facilitate web crawlers through search engine optimization (SEO)
2. Improve performance on mobile and low-powered devices
3. Show the first page quickly with a first-contentful paint (FCP)


1. Facilitates web crawlers:
Google, Bing, Facebook, Twitter, and other social media sites rely on web crawlers to index your application content and make that content searchable on the web. 
These web crawlers might be unable to navigate and index your highly interactive Angular application as a human user could do.
Angular Universal can generate a static version of your application that is easily searchable, linkable, and navigable without JavaScript. 
Universal also makes a site preview available because each URL returns a fully rendered page.


2. Improve performance on mobile and low-powered devices
Some devices don't support JavaScript or execute JavaScript so poorly that the user experience is unacceptable. 
For these cases, you might require a server-rendered, no-JavaScript version of the application. 
This version, however limited, might be the only practical alternative for people who otherwise couldn't use the application at all.


3. Show the first page quickly:
Displaying the first page quickly can be critical for user engagement. 
Pages that load faster perform better, even with changes as small as 100ms. 
Your application might have to launch faster to engage these users before they decide to do something else.

With Angular Universal, you can generate landing pages for the application that look like the complete application. 
The pages are pure HTML, and can display even if JavaScript is disabled. 
The pages don't handle browser events, but they do support navigation through the site using routerLink.

In practice, you'll serve a static version of the landing page to hold the user's attention. 
At the same time, you'll load the full Angular application behind it. 
The user perceives near-instant performance from the landing page and gets the full interactive experience after the full application loads.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes:
Bootstrapping: The process of loading the index. html page, app-level module, and app-level component is called bootstrapping, or loading the app.

Web crawlers in SEO:
A crawler is a program used by search engines to collect data from the internet. When a crawler visits a website, it picks over the entire website's content (i.e. the text) and stores it in a databank. It also stores all the external and internal links to the website.