Q1. Explain react in simple terms? features of React?
Q2. Whats is react JSX?
Q3. Can browser read JSX?
Q4. Compare real DOM and virtual DOM?
Q5. Why was virtual DOM introduced? 
Q6. What is an event in React?
Q7. Component?
Q8. What is hooks in React js
Q9. Stateful vs stateless component?



Q13. Controlled vs Uncontrolled components?
Q7. Differentiate between React and angular?
Q8. "Everything in react is component." do you agree?
Q9. What is the purpose render() in React?
Q10. What are the states and props in react?
Q11. What are the phases in the lifecycle of React component?
Q12. How are refs used in react?
Q14. Expain Events in React?
Q15. What is redux? What are its components?
Q16. What are the significance of Reducers?
Q17. What is React router?
Q6. Explain the working of virtual DOM?
Why react over vanilla js


Linked In
● What is React js
● What is difference between virtual dom and shallow
dom, dom in React js
● What is controlled and uncontrolled component in
React js
● What is hooks in React js
● What is jsx, babel, webpack
● What is Redux
● What is reducer, action, store in Redux
● What is middleware in Redux
● Explain data flow in Redux
● What is Redux-Thunk
● What is Redux-Saga, Difference between
Redux-thunk and Redux-saga
● Difference between class component and function
component
● How can we implement componentWillUnmount in
function component
● useEffect,UseState, useMemo.useCallback hooks in
Details
● Explain lifecycle method in React js
● What is difference between export default and export
in React js
● What is portal in React js
● What is reconciliation in React js
● What is useRef in React js
● What is server side render in React js
● What is useStrict in React js
● What is fragment in React js
● What is react router in React js
● What is node module in React js
● What is the default localhost server port in react js.
how can we change the local server port
● What is high order component in React js
● What is pure component in React js
● What is difference state and props in React js
● How to optimize React js app
● What is difference between React js and Angular js
● What is prop drilling in React js how to overcome it
● What is context api in React js
● What is super, constructor, render function in React js
